Adding support readme file (#6264)
wix/wix-style-react: SUPPORT.md

### Playground 🏀
You can use the [Playground](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-playground--playground) to easily test the component abilities. In order to share your code snippet with others, follow the following steps:
1. Edit the code snippet.
2. Click ![save-button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wix/wix-style-react/master/docs/assets/playgroundSaveButton.png) which located on the top right side of the code editor.
3. A generated url will be generated which can be shared with others. ![generated-link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wix/wix-style-react/master/docs/assets/generatedLink.png)

### Cheatsheet 👋🏻
The components inventory is displayed at the [Cheetsheet](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-cheatsheet--components-cheatsheet) page which contains examples and links to the relevant documentation pages.

### Resources 📖
New to Wix Style React? It's easy to learn if you know where to start!
Check out the [Getting Started](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-getting-started--getting-started) page.

> ## Debugging Strategies and Reporting an issue 🧐

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling Issues 🧐
```

### Debugging Strategies

> There are two recommended strategies to better understand the root cause of an issue:
> - Using the most basic and clean example and on top of it adding your own feature in small parts.
> - Taking your current code and strip it's features slowly, one by one, until you reach to the point where things work. Than, slowly add them back again so you are able to find the what causes the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run into an issue, don't panic, we have some recommendations how to solve it:
- Look for similar working examples in our documentation and try to find perhaps you missed something.
- Try to isolate the problem, comment out wrappers and other features gradually until you find the source of the problem.
- Verify that the latest version of wsr is installed (in node_modules, not package.json)
- Try to find whether there are external CSS that might override parts of our components.

If you **suspect** the issue you encountered is related to the component itself, before you report an issue try to verify by:
- Recreate the issue in our playground.
- Pin wsr to a prior version to see if there's no issue there.

Once you're absolutely sure the issue is ours, please let us know through the channel or by reporting an issue.
```

# Support

> ## Table of Content

Reviewer 2: @TalZa1810 I took the liberty to run `npx remark SUPPORT.md --use toc --output`

on the file to fix the toc ❤️

*   [Component Documentation ℹ️](#component-documentation-ℹ%EF%B8%8F)

    *   [Components and Testkit Usage 🎉](#components-and-testkit-usage-)
    *   [Frequently Asked Questions ❓](#frequently-asked-questions-)
    *   [Playground 🏀](#playground-)
    *   [Cheatsheet 👋🏻](#cheatsheet-)
    *   [Resources 📖](#resources-)

*   [Handling Issues 🧐](#handling-issues-🧐)

    *   [Debugging Strategies](#debugging-strategies)

>     *   [Reporting an issue ![github-mark](/GitHub-Mark-32px.png)](#reporting-an-issue-github-mark)

Reviewer 3: This `gitub-mark` uses incorrect pass and doesn't look good in https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/blob/master/SUPPORT.md

This applies to its three occurrences in this file.

        *   [Have you managed to resolve the issue?](#have-you-managed-to-resolve-the-issue)

    *   [Wix Employees](#wix-employees)

*   [Supported versions 🧷](#supported-versions-🧷)

    *   [Upgrade from older versions](#upgrade-from-older-versions)

## Component Documentation ℹ️

> Each component has a story page that describes all the interesting states in which a component supports.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Each component has a story page that describes all the interesting states of which a component supports.
```

Reviewer 4: Or just without the which all together 🤷‍♂️

Author: ```suggestion
Each component has a story page that describes all the interesting states that are supported.
```

> A story page has one or more of the following sections:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A story page has one or more of the following tabs:
```

*   **Description:** Contains a short description of the component usage, an example of how to import it and examples of common usages and features.
*   **API:** Detailed section with all the props names, types, default values, required values and descriptions.
*   **Testkit:** Contains an import examples and API description of the component testkit.
*   **Playground:** A graphical UI to interact with a component's arguments dynamically, without needing to code. It creates a code snippet which can be used in your application.

### Components and Testkit Usage 🎉

A component should be treated as a black box. In order to help you with testing it within your code, we provide a set of utility functions called `testkit`.
For a detailed guide how to use a testkit, refer to our [Testing guide](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-testing--testing).
Moreover, if you want to see specific examples, our tests are available and well documented under:

> `src/ComponentName/test/<ComponentName>.spec.js`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`src/<ComponentName>/test/<ComponentName>.spec.js`
```

1.  Edit the code snippet.
2.  Click ![save-button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wix/wix-style-react/master/docs/assets/playgroundSaveButton.png) which located on the top right side of the code editor.
3.  A generated url will be created and can be shared with others. ![generated-link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wix/wix-style-react/master/docs/assets/generatedLink.png)

### Cheatsheet 👋🏻

The components inventory is displayed at the [Cheetsheet](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-cheatsheet--components-cheatsheet) page which contains examples and links to the relevant documentation pages.

### Resources 📖

New to Wix Style React? It's easy to learn if you know where to start!
Check out the [Getting Started](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-getting-started--getting-started) page.

## Handling Issues 🧐

### Debugging Strategies

When you run into an issue, don't panic 🤗. We have some recommendations how to solve it:

> *   Look for similar working examples in our documentation and try to find perhaps you've missed something.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*   Look for similar working examples in our documentation and try to find if perhaps you've missed something.
```

    - Take your current code which does not work and strip it's features slowly, one by one, until you reach to the point where things are working, then slowly add them back again so you will be able to find the root cause of the problem.
7. Still stuck? Let's debug.
   It is very easy to run the storybook on your local machine.
   Instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
   We suggest placing `debugger` inside the story of your rebellious component. For example [Table story](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/blob/1b3e00fb624929927b3921905f8db8bdb011c427/src/Table/docs/index.story.js).

### GitHub ![github-mark](./docs/assets/GitHub-Mark-32px.png)

We use GitHub issues as a bug and feature request tracker.
If you think you have found a bug, or have a new feature idea- please start by making sure it hasn't already been [reported or fixed](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/issues).
You can search through existing issues and pull requests to see if someone has reported one similar to yours.

If it does not exist, please [open a github issue](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/issues/new/choose)

> #### New issue guidelines

Reviewer 2: Could you link or show an example of a good issue?

Author: done

> # Support

Reviewer 5: In files with lots of topics, it is common to add a "table of contents" that you can brief all topics jump to the relevant one

Reviewer 2: Yes! I want to do it ❤️

### Troubleshooting Guide

These are the recommended steps to troubleshoot issues when we struggle with a component or a testkit usage:

> 1. Check whether there is an example that fits your scenario in [Wix Style React Storybook](https://www.wix-style-react.com).

Reviewer 2: I think it's a great idea to include such a piece in our docs 💯 

I would suggest we create a codesandbox with WSR (I want to do it 😅, but don't hold your breath I'm not as swift as you 🙃 )

> 2. Check out our [Cheetsheet](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-cheatsheet--components-cheatsheet) which includes a view of most of the library components inventory and links to the relevant documentation pages.

Author: sometimes users don't know which component to use in order to implement a certain design, so referring them to have a look at the cheatsheet could resolve this type of questions.

> 2. Check out our [Cheetsheet](https://www.wix-style-react.com/?path=/story/introduction-cheatsheet--components-cheatsheet) which includes a view of most of the library components inventory and links to the relevant documentation pages.

Reviewer 2: It's very interesting! So apparently our users don't review the entire library options before starting to work with it?

My best guess would to ask our library users to review all basic components before starting to use it & on the above bullet we can emphasize this notion (know all existing components before asking, there's a good chance that existing components will solve your [future] problem)

4. You may find an answer to your question in our [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/tree/master/docs/FAQ#frequently-asked-questions) article.
5. Each component within the library is tested with our on drivers. This is a great way to document the proper usage of the component and drivers. You can learn from the tests on how the component should properly used and tested. Checkout the [sourcecode](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react). Each component's tests files are listed under:
`src/ComponentName/test/...`.
6. Strip down abilities until you get to the bottom of it. Saying we have for example the `<Table/>` component which does not work as we expect it to. All the above steps did not help us. The thing we would do is one of the two:
    - Take the most basic and clean table example and on top of it add your own feature in small parts.
    - Take your current code which does not work and strip it's features slowly, one by one, until you reach to the point where things are working, then slowly add them back again so you will be able to find the root cause of the problem.

> 7. Something is broken? Have you updated your Wix Style React version? Check the [change log](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for breaking changes and the [migration guide](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-react/blob/master/MIGRATION.md) for migrating to the latest Wix Style React version. Also, make sure that you don't use a lock file.

Reviewer 2: It's a good practice to keep things lean. I love the amount of details here, but I think you're right let's create another `md` in the docs for "My Build failed, what now?"

We can link to it here & in the FAQ in various questions
